welcome back to movie recap today i am
going to explain an adventure thriller
film called maleficent part 2.
as the movie starts we see that some
people come into that magical forest
where maleficent lives
they were stealing some magical
creatures from there
during this maleficent also arrives
there
maleficent holds two of them among those
three but the third run from there in
the far forests while stealing that
creature
there were the glowing flowers that man
runs towards the kingdom from there
he opens a door we see a hand of a man
from a hole there
the man who steals that creature gives
it to another man
there was a glowing flower on his
clothes that man takes that flower
he gives them money in return for these
things
then we are shown that the people of
that kingdom still don't like maleficent
from the heart
they think that she has stolen their
princess and she always wanted to kill
princess aurora
now the scene changes and we see
princess aurora happy in the forest
she was the queen there she was dancing
with the different creatures
people bring their problems to her she
was told that a creature is missing from
here
the creature whom that man stole hearing
it
princess aurora becomes worried then
those small heightened fairies arrive
there
they start making her happy they run
while having her crown so that she can
run behind them
as princess aurora goes down whom she
saw
the same boy who came to her at the end
of the maleficent part 1
he was not her true love then he was a
prince
his name was prince philip he likes
princess aurora for many years
and here he finally purposes her hearing
it
princess aurora also becomes happy
because she also likes him the crow of
maleficent means diable was also seeing
all this
he goes and tells everything to
maleficent maleficent flies from there
and comes to princess aurora to talk
the prince also goes to his parents to
tell them that he likes a girl
then we see that prince philip has
arrived in his kingdom
going there he tells his father means he
tells the king
the queen and others that i have
purposed that girl
she has also accepted hearing it his
father means the king becomes happy
but the queen becomes sad but she didn't
show this to her son
she unwillingly says that okay we will
call princess aurora and her godmother
at dinner
on the other side we are seeing
maleficent is talking to princess aurora
she says that princess you should ask me
once before getting engaged
maleficent says that there is nothing
like true love
the boys always deceive that's why i was
your true love
i love you from my heart that's why i am
saying well for you
then princess aurora says that please
don't think like this
if someone has deceived you maybe the
people of the world will not be like
that
maleficent says okay i love you that's
why i'm agreeing with you
now we see that the day arrives when
both families will have dinner
the mother of prince philip goes to her
secret closet
when she was going there we are shown
that it was an iron factory
when that queen was passing from there
we see a glowing flower there
there was also that creature with it
that was stolen by a man
that queen goes and says to that man
hurry up complete your work
time is short then we see a spinning
wheel there and there was the same
needle on it
that was a mysterious scene but we
didn't know about the plans of that
queen and then here the scene changes
now maleficent her crow who was in the
form of a human
in princess aura they get ready in the
forest to go to dinner
princess aurora was looking beautiful as
maleficent puts her feet
in that kingdom all people get scared of
her and start hiding
some people take out their weapons they
were thinking that maleficent is a bad
witch
but maleficent was enjoying them all she
didn't say anything to them
she keeps smiling now we see that they
have arrived inside
means inside the palace to the king and
queen now the dinner starts
the queen continuously instead of making
imlef ascent happy or impressed
she makes her remember the old time of
her that you are the one who gave a
curse to that princess
she wasn't talking well she also says to
maleficent that you also had killed
humans remember
maleficent also says to that queen that
the people of your kingdom also came in
my forest and stole my creature
the fight increases in them the king
says to his queen to keep quiet
what are you talking about on the other
side princess aurora asks maleficent
please
stay calm the queen doesn't forbid
she starts talking strangely she says
that if my son and princess aurora will
get married then who will be her genuine
mother
hearing it maleficent gets hurt because
she was thinking of herself as the
genuine mother of princess aurora
she spreads her wings and takes out
green energy with that energy all fell
at distance
the queen also gets scared without any
reason and hides behind the king
the king falls down the queen starts
talking loudly that maleficent has given
a curse to the king
aurora believes her she asks maleficent
to remove her curse
why you give curses to everyone again
and again then maleficent says that
princess aurora you are also saying this
i don't give any curse but princess
aurora doesn't believe in maleficent
because the queen has tackled her in a
good way
then the soldiers arrived there they
were about to attack maleficent
maleficent last time says to princess
aurora last time that you will not come
with me
princess aurora doesn't give her any
answer she sits with the queen and the
king
then maleficent becomes sad and flies
from there
her crow was also with her they break
the window and go outside
but there was one more girl who was with
the queen and the king
she attacks maleficent with the iron
bullet due to it
she falls into the ocean now we see that
the king was faint in the castle
then he was taken to his bedroom all
were worried
then their son means prince philip says
to kiss him on his forehead
she says that you love him truly you're
his wife maybe he will get fine again
but the queen makes strange expressions
inside because she doesn't love the king
truly and she also doesn't believe in
these stories
she was a greedy woman she does this
because his son says but still the king
didn't awake when aurora sees this she
says that i will talk to maleficent that
remove her curse
as she arrives in the forest everyone
says that we have not seen maleficent
yet
she didn't come here on the other side
the companion
of the king and the queen was keeping an
eye on the ocean
that when will maleficent come out of
the ocean but she sees that a creature
came and takes maleficent with it
she immediately tells everything to the
queen the queen says immediately stops
her
on the other side aurora comes back from
the forest in that kingdom
but a magical creature also comes into
that kingdom while hiding in her horse
that creature arrives there where the
previous creature was imprisoned
that man also imprisoned that creature
princess aurora says to the queen that i
have not seen maleficent anywhere
does anything happen to her then queen
says that don't get
tension she is strong she will be there
she tries to entrap her
on the other side the companion of that
queen still keeps an eye on the ocean
as she will see maleficent she will make
her kill
then it was announced that within the
next three days there is a marriage of
prince
philip and princess aurora we want to
leave all the fights
we want to sow the fight and all then
creatures of the forest are invited to
this wedding
actually it was their plan they want to
imprison all the creatures in the forest
after killing maleficent
so that nobody can secure them then they
will occupy that forest
on the other side we see that maleficent
wakes up
she was injured she was hearing the
voices of some creatures
they were saying that we will attack
humans they also have wings and horns on
their head
they come to the forest for some place
to live because they were thinking that
the forest can be the safe point for
them
before attacking the humans maleficent
has also arrived there
one of the creatures moves towards
maleficent it says to her to transfer
her powers to us
how can we defeat humans tell us but
maleficent throws it far
the name of those creatures head was
bora when he sees that maleficent has
the powers that she can throw anyone so
far
he becomes happy that it will be easy to
tackle her
now the companion of bora takes
maleficent to the cave
he tells her that here the bad and good
fairies live together
because the humans start hunting them
that's why they had to live together
then he comes to a structure that
structure was still there and wasn't
doing any movement
then borah's companion tells her that
maleficent you are from their family
you are the last powerful and good fairy
that man tells maleficent that you are
most powerful
soon you will arrive at the stage on
which you will become the most powerful
fairy in the world
but that last stage you do not cross yet
and that is to forgive
princess aurora because you loved her
the whole life
there is a lot of courage needed to
forgive someone from the heart
the one who forgives someone from the
heart that will be the most strong
person in the world
then maleficent says no i can't forgive
her i
always loved her but she deceived me
then borah also arrives there he tells
that prince philip and princess aurora
are getting married
we have a good chance to attack them but
maleficent keeps quiet here
on the other side we see that the queen
is torturing princess aurora with her
talking princess aurora was feeling this
she goes to prince philip and says to
him that i am bearing this just because
of you
otherwise i don't like the queen on the
other side
we see that the man of the queen who was
working on the glowing flower
he prepares some dust powder from it he
tells that the fairies can die with it
i have prepared it to kill maleficent
seeing it the queen becomes happy
he also has a small fairy as he throws
that powder onto her that fairy dies
the queen becomes happy that man says
that i can make more powder only when
you bring more glowing flowers
then queen orders her men to collect
those flowers immediately
as her men arrive there to collect those
flowers maleficent knows it
she also arrives there but it was too
late
her soldiers have plucked off all the
flowers and maleficent couldn't do
anything here
she was sad because always bad happened
with her
those soldiers attack maleficent with
the iron bullet
but then borah's companion comes in
front of her and saves her
maleficent also makes a shield due to it
they get protected
borah starts attacking other soldiers
but as maleficent takes borah's
companion to the cave he was dead
the next morning we see that the events
of the marriage of prince philip and
princess aurora start
all the creatures of the forest were
moving toward the kingdom
but as the crow of maleficent who was in
the form of a human
goes inside he was stopped we see that
princess aurora was looking beautiful
prince philip gives her a flower that
was none other than the glowing flower
of her forest
seeing it she gets surprised that why
the queen send this for me
she goes to search for the queen then
she finds that secret door
that flower was still in her hands while
walking she reaches that spinning wheel
she starts seeing the visions that watt
was the curse and where they are taking
me
she sees that there were two fairies
imprisoned those creatures were
imprisoned by that man
she was about to release them but that
man stops her
then the queen arrives there she says to
princess aurora that my kingdom was near
that forest
first but those creatures and the
ancestors of maleficent harm my kingdom
my father was dead but when my brother
goes there to solve this matter
those creatures also killed my brother
when i was left alone so i have to marry
the king
he is my husband but i don't love him
the queen says that i will take revenge
on all of you
she orders the soldier to imprison
princess aurora in a room
they do the same then those creatures
were also locked in a room
then the powder which was prepared by
that man was sprinkled on them
due to it all creatures become weak the
room in which there was aurora in her
wedding dress
she tore it and makes a long rope with
it she tries to go down from the castle
but then soldiers arrive there and
princess aurora locks herself in the
room
the crow of maleficent who was in the
form of a human he also comes inside the
castle
on the other side prince philip was
sitting with his sick father
he doesn't know all this now the queen
was on the roof of her castle
she was throwing bombs towards that
forest on the other side
vora was also coming with his army to
attack that kingdom
meanwhile getting a chance aurora hangs
with that rope of clothes and comes down
she comes into the king's room and king
philip was also there
she tells everything that what had the
queen done with her
maleficent didn't give any curse to your
father
that is given by your mother hearing it
prince philip gets shocked
on the other side we see that borah and
his companions were coming to attack the
kingdom
but the people of the kingdom were
continuously attacking them
and they hold some of them then princess
aurora sees that crow of maleficent
that was in the form of humans she says
to him that to save the people we have
to open the door of the church here
they begin to open the door of the
church they save all the creatures going
there
the small fairies there fill the holes
with the flowers from where that powder
was sprinkling
then that dusting powder couldn't come
out from there and it doesn't harm any
creature when the companion of the queen
goes to make them find she herself falls
down from there
prince philip goes to make her mother
understand but the queen orders the
soldier to hold him
but before this philip jumps from the
castle princess aurora and the crow of
maleficent were also caught
but then maleficent arrives there then
she changed the crow into a big bear
that bear opens the door of the church
and releases all the creatures from
there
maleficent starts attacking others and
saving her peoples
then borah also arrives there and starts
fighting with the soldiers of the queen
philip comes and stops him and says that
he is our general don't say anything to
him
then borah leaves from there when the
general sees that he had not killed me
he comes to know that who is actually
cruel
this means the queen is the real
oppressor on the other side
maleficent comes to the rooftop to that
queen princess aurora also comes to
maleficent and says to her please don't
kill the queen
otherwise everyone will think that you
were cruel
but maleficent says no aurora stay away
i don't want to listen to you while
weeping aurora says that
please mother doesn't do this when
maleficent hears the word mother from
her mouth her heart becomes soft
she becomes emotional when they were
looking at each other like this
it is obvious that the queen gets a
chance to attack them
she throws that dusting powder to
princess aurora
but maleficent comes in front of her and
saves the life of princess aurora
as the arrow shoots at maleficent she
turns into ashes
princess aurora starts weeping seeing it
the queen gets happy and announced that
now you're maleficent is no more
and i will occupy the whole place but
then we see that the tears of princess
aurora fall on the ashes of maleficent
maleficent again revives and her big
wings again come out
the queen gets aggressive she pushes
princess aurora down from the castle
but maleficent saves her prince philip
also knew everything about his mother
that's why he also comes to maleficent
maleficent agrees to the wedding of
princess aurora and prince philip
then the small man also comes to
maleficent who had imprisoned those
creatures
he releases her creatures and gives her
that needle from which that curse spread
they all come to know that the queen had
spread that curse
now the king was also awakened borah's
army caught the queen and throws her
maleficent turns her into a goat and
decorates that place with flowers
then she says to bora that you are the
good creatures you can live with us
after it she makes aurora wears the
wedding dress
then she declared that we will stay
together in one union
after it prince philip and princess
aurora get married
king was also happy and all peoples and
creatures were clapping for them
here both kingdoms meet and they live
happily
then maleficent says to philip in aurora
that i will again come here when you
will have a cute baby
after it maleficent leaves from there
everything becomes peaceful
hear this movie maleficent part 2 ends
subscribe for watch more video
turn notification on please comment and
like share
thank you for watching